So let's see if you can work with the secondary menu the secondary menu is a great menu if you're one
of our social media icons menu.
What are the next week you don't use.
New menu and that selection menu and create the menu.
And we're going to you can see we have a secondary menu at iteration so we're going to use a custom
links.
And for example if you look at our Facebook page you can copy the Facebook link.
It's going to be something like Facebook that come in.
They add something like an I.D. right.
Another new face that come for this example but you can copy or grab that link from your Facebook page
and page right here on going on Facebook and at the menu.
Again we're going to add another one.
So for example if you have a Twitter profile you're going on Twitter that come slash your profile.
In this case I'm going to keep this empty.
They want to add you to for example.
And if you have a YouTube channel you can page they you are right right here.
And finally we're going to have another one called Instagram that come again.
Same goes for you here.
You can copy grab the link from your social networks and page right here.
So now you can see we have four items in the menu and you can add them or you can have whatever do you
want.
And you can say the menu.
So let's open the front and and Google and you can see we have Facebook Twitter and Instagram if you're
looking in the site and you can see that we have these icons right here.
And on the materials I'm going to add these social menu styles.
So for example you can go you can grow and copy everything up and decided that CSA is and you can page
right here.
So this will Styne decent.
The secondary navigation and it's going to look for the social networks and it's going to print and
I can so you can see we have a bunch of different options.
We have the April Facebook made to YouTube WordPress Dombo they Foursquare Google Blogs LinkedIn Pinterest
or a lot of options.
So now it's up in the front end of her Web site and we can reload and you can see that we have the icons
right here.
So again one of the really nice things about using these WordPress menus is that you can preorder really
easily.
So let's say that you went on YouTube as the last item you can reorder these say the menu and open the
front in and now you're the last item in the menu that's something very nice and you can see these icons
looks look really really nice.
So what Almazan with the other.
If I may.
This is Malate.
You can see it on the menu you can see that we have a bigger menu right here.
So the last menu that we have available is a fancier menu.
This is the menu that is going to be displayed when you visit the Web site in a mall with the Bise.
So let's review the menu in the next reading.